old man
Don't you count the marriages I personally contracted?
Dad?
Grandpa
Just wake up grandpa
Where do you think you went?
And what the hell happened to that gourd?
If I hadn't sought medical attention everywhere
Ask the expert to take action
Can Yan'er wake up so soon?
Thank you Yanyan
Then you can't take Yanyan's marriage either
As a reward?
Dad's marriage can't be a child's play
Enough about marriage
However, if you can't wake up
What is the difference between a vegetable and a dead person?
Besides, Li Xiaoyou can cure vegetative people
That's all
Isn't it worthy of Yan'er?
Forget it, we have to worry about the Lei family
The Lei family heard what the old man said, right?
There are no life-saving claims.
The inside of my Lei's house has to be placed at the back
Lei Shao, why are you here?
Grandpa your boudoir
Women really don't pay attention to outside things these years
Because of things outside
Exactly.
I will come to the door to apologize for Yan'er's marriage
The marriage contract has now been published
Yan'er can't marry anyone else anymore
It seems that the Qin family will not bury our Lei family in the sky
What do you mean?
Do you know how many days are behind you?
The Lord of Kunlun is about to visit Jiangchu Building
Top elites have blocked
The Ming Qin family will be in front of everyone
Hit our Lei Jia people in the face with a paper rule
What Lord of Kunlun is coming to Jiangcheng?
Where did this news come from?